YouTube YouTube is a truly exceptional
platform it allows creators from all
over the world to not only share their
ideas and work with the public but also
we're in a living from it do you want to
start your own channel or perhaps you
already have one and are wondering how
you can make your hobby a steady job
let's find out together but before we
start don't forget to subscribe to our
Channel and turn on notifications now
you won't miss any of our new videos
major YouTube channels make a profit
from their videos and work and it's a
decent amount of money so if you're
seriously thinking about making YouTube
your main source of income where should
you start what are the steps to success
don't worry we've got you covered the
first thing you have to do is of course
start your own channel if you haven't
already the magic of YouTube is that
your channel can be about almost
anything you can make short and
meaningful cartoons sing or share your
lifestyle the options are endless your
YouTube account is basically the same as
your Google account and you can either
use it as it is or create a new one it's
better to choose your username carefully
because the more complicated it is the
less chance there is that you'll make it
big it should be something easy and
memorable so that people won't be saying
I saw a cool video on that channel gosh
don't remember the name anyway if your
current user name is just not working
for you that's not a problem simply
change it on your Google+ account and
you're good to go
the more people that find your channel
the better so don't forget to add
keywords connected to your content in
the Advanced section of your channel
settings ok now that you finally have a
youtube channel it's time to work on
your content and upload it you have to
find your own topics and discover your
unique style try not to make your videos
too long and always to make sure that
your audience won't get bored you want
them to keep being intrigued by every
second of it of course nothing happens
right away and your videos and their
quality will grow with you just watch a
couple of the very first videos by
popular youtubers
not exactly as amazing as what they do
now right well try to upgrade your
content buy a better camera use better
editing software and so on the key thing
however is to post videos regularly if
you only post videos once or twice a
month your audience can quickly forget
about your channel if it's not some one
of a kind content so try to keep a pace
of at least one video a week this way
people will be waiting impatiently for
the next week to find out what your new
video will be and don't forget about
tags and keywords make sure everyone
who's interested in the topic can find
your videos and this is where it all
begins you can monetize your content and
make money from your videos just go to
my channel click on the video manager
link click on channel again and choose
enable monetization done from now on
YouTube will place ads in your video but
don't forget that to make it all work
and make real money you need to have a
steady audience that will watch your
videos don't be shy
share your videos in your social media
and interact with your viewers are more
often to keep it personal your audience
will find you and then they'll stay
there's one more simple requirement you
need at least 4000 hours of watch time
and 1000 subscribers to start earning
money if it's necessary you can monetize
your old videos as well by opening video
manager and clicking on the dollar sign
next to them don't forget to set up
Google Adsense so you can get your money
you can do it for free at the Adsense
website if you're younger than 18 years
old ask your mom and dad to help you
Adsense will need a PayPal account or
valid address to know who you are and
who to send the money to another
important thing for any youtuber or
blogger is analytics it's basically your
feedback along with the comments to help
you learn which topics really resonate
with your audience and vice-versa every
youtuber checks it regularly so if
you're still building your audience pay
attention to those numbers and
they can tell you pretty much anything
about your viewers and subscribers and
give you ideas on how to improve and if
one of your videos happen to go viral
there's also a way to get your dose of
profit from it simply speaking you can
license your content in exchange for
money now TV news media outlets and
other creators will have to reach out to
you for the rights to use your video
okay let's say that you have a good
steady audience and are earning a nice
amount of money can you do anything else
to step it up a little bit
sure just become a YouTube partner for
this you'll need to meet another
requirement fifteen thousand cumulative
watch hours for your channel over the
last 90 days when you achieve that go to
the YouTube Partner page do a couple of
clicks and voila there are other great
additions to this title as well YouTube
partners have access to more creation
tools community support and tips and can
even win prizes not bad right you can
also start selling your own merchandise
so once your channel starts to become
more prominent of course this takes even
more effort and work but it's incredibly
rewarding for both the excitement of
your subscribers and let's be honest
your bank account and with cool March
you can get even more subscribers as
people will ask others where they got
such cool stuff more people will check
out what you're all about then become
part of your audience there are tons of
affordable freelance websites that can
help you with that like Fiverr and many
others just search for more information
on any questions you have and take some
time to think about it and while we're
on the topic of selling stuff you can
also sell other people's products as an
affiliate marketer which means that
you'll be selling them in exchange for a
commission even huge companies like
Amazon and eBay offer great deals to
affiliate marketers promoting their
products so it won't be a problem to go
with this if you decide to however it
may change and affect your content as
you'll have to review your affiliate
products leave links to them in the
description or even make how to use
tutorials which isn't that bad for a
lifestyle blog but may not be suitable
for blogs with other
teams looking for sponsorship with
certain companies for advertisements can
also be an excellent solution so to put
it briefly all you need to make it big
on YouTube is hard work determination
creativity and belief in yourself just
like with any other job out there so
what are you waiting for start to share
your ideas and creations now and turn
your favorite hobby into your dream job
good luck
do you know any small but amazing you